backend/TASK.md, before:

# E-commerce MERN Stack Project

## Basic Setup

1.  Planing for e-commerce
2.  Environment Setup 
3.  Create Express Server
4.  HTTP Request and response
5. Nodemon and morgan (HTTP request logger middleware for node.js) package install
    morgan - api request ar upor console print korba get/post/put/delete request kina
6. Test Api With Postman
7. Middleware (simple is loggedIn middleware creating and texting for api purpose)
8. Express Error Handling Middleware: -> body-parser
9. Handling all project and create and Error : -> http-errors
10. Secure the api : -> xss-clean, express-rate-limit( আমরা একটা এপিআই তে বার বার রিকুয়েস্ট করি তাহলে এক মিনিটে আমাদের রিকুয়েস্ট কন্ডিশন সংখ্যার বেশি হলে মেসেজ দিবে যেমন এক মিনিটে পাচ বার এর বেশি হলে যদি কন্ডিশন দেয় তাহলে এই মেসেজ দিবে)

11. configure dotenv and create .env and declare secret file for security
12. MVC Architecture 
13. Mongodb database connection with mongoose (mongodb atlas and mongodb shell)

14. userSchema and userModel (mongodb is a bson data format) for User
15. create seed route for testing

Commit message:

search page query name email phone parameter

backend/TASK.md, after:

# E-commerce MERN Stack Project

## Basic Setup

1.  Planing for e-commerce
2.  Environment Setup 
3.  Create Express Server
4.  HTTP Request and response
5. Nodemon and morgan (HTTP request logger middleware for node.js) package install
    morgan - api request ar upor console print korba get/post/put/delete request kina
6. Test Api With Postman
7. Middleware (simple is loggedIn middleware creating and texting for api purpose)
8. Express Error Handling Middleware: -> body-parser
9. Handling all project and create and Error : -> http-errors
10. Secure the api : -> xss-clean, express-rate-limit( আমরা একটা এপিআই তে বার বার রিকুয়েস্ট করি তাহলে এক মিনিটে আমাদের রিকুয়েস্ট কন্ডিশন সংখ্যার বেশি হলে মেসেজ দিবে যেমন এক মিনিটে পাচ বার এর বেশি হলে যদি কন্ডিশন দেয় তাহলে এই মেসেজ দিবে)

11. configure dotenv and create .env and declare secret file for security
12. MVC Architecture 
13. Mongodb database connection with mongoose (mongodb atlas and mongodb shell)

14. userSchema and userModel (mongodb is a bson data format) for User
15. create seed route for testing and inserting some dummy data in database
16. GET api/users -> isAdmin -> getAllUsers -> searchByName + pagination Functionality from database
